Organizations documentation updated documentation and images (#6349)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/advanced/organization.md

description: 'Using organization in CVAT.'
---

**Organization** is a feature for teams of several users
who work together on projects and share tasks.

Create an **Organization**, invite your team members, and assign
roles to make the team work better on shared tasks.

See:

- [Personal workspace](#personal-workspace)
- [Create new organization](#create-new-organization)
  - [Switching between organizations](#switching-between-organizations)
- [Organization page](#organization-page)
  - [Invite members into organization](#invite-members-into-organization)
  - [Delete organization](#delete-organization)

## Personal workspace

The account's default state is activated when no **Organization** is selected.

> It means that a personal account is used.

Reviewer: Not really clear lines. 

Maybe write something like this?

When there is not a selected **Organization**, all the created resources are bonded to the personal account with no ability to share them with others. In corresponding place you can see **Personal workspace** indicator.

![](/images/personal_account.jpg)

## Create new organization

To create an organization, do the following:

1. Log in to the CVAT.
2. On the top menu, click your **Username** > **Organization** > **+ Create**.

   ![](/images/image233.jpg)

3. Fill in the following fields and click **Submit**.

   ![](/images/image234.jpg)

<!--lint disable maximum-line-length-->

| Field            | Description                                                         |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Short name**   | A name of the organization that will be displayed in the CVAT menu. |
| **Full Name**    | Optional. Full name of the organization.                            |
| **Description**  | Optional. Description of organization.                              |
| **Email**        | Optional. Your email.                                               |
| **Phone number** | Optional. Your phone number.                                        |
| **Location**     | Optional. Organization address.                                     |

<!--lint enable maximum-line-length-->

The created organization will be available

> at you **nickname** > **Organization**

Reviewer: Above is ``Username``, here is ``nickname``

### Switching between organizations

If you have more than one **Organization**,
it is possible to switch between these **Organizations** at any given time.

Follow these steps:

1. In the top menu, select your **Username** > **Organization**.
2. From the drop-down menu, under the **Personal space** section,
   choose the desired **Organization**.

> ![](/images/image233_1.jpg)

Reviewer: Need to mention, that if there are a lot of organization, instead dropdown menu user sees **Switch organization** button. 

<img width="94" alt="image" src="https://github.com/opencv/cvat/assets/40690378/5210e88e-71e8-4df0-96ba-bfe722f55ad1">

And then organization selector:
<img width="269" alt="image" src="https://github.com/opencv/cvat/assets/40690378/c530de90-ba0d-4b59-a3ee-af55abcbb5bd">

Try to create more than 10 organizations to see that

## Organization page

**Organization page** is a place, where you can edit the **Organization** information

> and invite users to **Organization**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and manage **Organization** members.
```

![](/images/orgpage.jpg)

> To go to the O**rganization page**, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To go to the **Organization page**, do the following:
```

> 1. On the top menu, click your **Username** > **Organization**.

Reviewer: Important mark, it works only when organization is activated. 
If it is not activated, there is not **Settings** button

| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Email**           | Specifies the email address of the user who is being added to the **Organization**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Let's add a piece of information, that this user already must have account on the corresponding instance.
It does not work for any entered email

| **Invite more**     | Button to add another user to the **Organization**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

<!--lint enable maximum-line-length-->

Members of **Organization** will appear on the **Organization page**.

![](/images/image237.jpg)

> The member of the organization can leave the organization

Reviewer: Let's also drop a line how organization maintainer can remove members from the organization
